And let's put some clouds in our sky first thing we want to do is we want to add a new layer and Let's
rename it clouds.
Now we're going to do is we are just going to dot the page with a circle brush with a soft edge and
we're going to use the same color we use for the highlight in the sky.
So we'll just begin doing that.
And what we're trying to do is we're trying to achieve some shapes that look sort of like clouds but
they don't have to be perfect they're going to be very stylized.
So don't worry if they don't look exactly like real clouds it's kind of the idea
.
All right.
Now that might look kind of funny looking but what we're going to do is we're going to bring down the
opacity to about 25 percent so they're really the light can hardly even see them.
I'm thinking we're going to add one more layer of clouds just to give it some depth.
So I'll do the same thing again this time.
This cloud needs to look a little bit different than the first cloud that we created
.
It's good.
Last spring his opacity down to about 25 percent.
Also there you go.
Those are clouds.
Don't forget to add another layer for your second layer of clouds.